Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
In this essay on technology we are going to discuss what technology is what are its uses and also what technology can do First of all technology refers to the use of technical and scientific knowledge to create monitor and design machinery@
In this essay on technology we are going to discuss what technology is what are its uses and also what technology can do First of all technology refers to the use of technical and scientific knowledge to create monitor and design machinery
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also technology helps in making other goods that aid mankind@ Also technology helps in making other goods that aid mankind
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Experts are debating on this topic for years@
Experts are debating on this topic for years
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also the technology covered a long way to make human life easier but the negative aspect of it cant be ignored@ Also the technology covered a long way to make human life easier but the negative aspect of it cant be ignored
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Over the years technological advancement has caused a severe rise in pollution@ Over the years technological advancement has caused a severe rise in pollution
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also pollution has become a major cause of many health issues@ Also pollution has become a major cause of many health issues
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Besides it has cut off people from society rather than connecting them@ Besides it has cut off people from society rather than connecting them
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Above all it has taken away many jobs from the workers class@ Above all it has taken away many jobs from the workers class
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
As they are completely different fields but they are interdependent on each other@
As they are completely different fields but they are interdependent on each other
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also it is due to science contribution we can create new innovation and build new technological tools@ Also it is due to science contribution we can create new innovation and build new technological tools
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Apart from that the research conducted in laboratories contributes a lot to the development of technologies@ Apart from that the research conducted in laboratories contributes a lot to the development of technologies
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  On the other hand technology extends the agenda of science@ On the other hand technology extends the agenda of science
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Regularly evolving technology has become an important part of our lives@
Regularly evolving technology has become an important part of our lives
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also newer technologies are taking the market by storm and the people are getting used to them in no time@ Also newer technologies are taking the market by storm and the people are getting used to them in no time
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Above all technological advancement has led to the growth and development of nations@ Above all technological advancement has led to the growth and development of nations
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Although technology is a good thing everything has two sides@
Although technology is a good thing everything has two sides
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Technology also has two sides one is good and the other is bad@ Technology also has two sides one is good and the other is bad
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Here are some negative aspects of technology that we are going to discuss@ Here are some negative aspects of technology that we are going to discuss
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
With new technology the industrialization increases which give birth to many pollutions like air water soil and noise@
With new technology the industrialization increases which give birth to many pollutions like air water soil and noise
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also they cause many healthrelated issues in animals birds and human beings@ Also they cause many healthrelated issues in animals birds and human beings
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
New technology requires new resources for which the balance is disturbed@
New technology requires new resources for which the balance is disturbed
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Eventually this will lead to overexploitation of natural resources which ultimately disturbs the balance of nature@ Eventually this will lead to overexploitation of natural resources which ultimately disturbs the balance of nature
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
A single machine can replace many workers@
A single machine can replace many workers
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also machines can do work at a constant pace for several hours or days without stopping@ Also machines can do work at a constant pace for several hours or days without stopping
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Due to this many workers lost their job which ultimately increases unemployment@ Due to this many workers lost their job which ultimately increases unemployment
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Generally we judge technology on the same scale but in reality technology is divided into various types@
Generally we judge technology on the same scale but in reality technology is divided into various types
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This includes information technology industrial technology architectural technology creative technology and many more@ This includes information technology industrial technology architectural technology creative technology and many more
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Lets discuss these technologies in brief@ Lets discuss these technologies in brief
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
This technology organizes engineering and manufacturing technology for the manufacturing of machines@
This technology organizes engineering and manufacturing technology for the manufacturing of machines
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also this makes the production process easier and convenient@ Also this makes the production process easier and convenient
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
This technology involves the use of telecommunication and computer to send receive and store information@
This technology involves the use of telecommunication and computer to send receive and store information
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Internet is the best example of Information technology@ Internet is the best example of Information technology
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
In this essay on computer we are going to discuss some useful things about computers@
In this essay on computer we are going to discuss some useful things about computers
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The modernday computer has become an important part of our daily life@ The modernday computer has become an important part of our daily life
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also their usage has increased much fold during the last decade@ Also their usage has increased much fold during the last decade
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Nowadays they use the computer in every office whether private or government@ Nowadays they use the computer in every office whether private or government
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Mankind is using computers for over many decades now@ Mankind is using computers for over many decades now
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also they are used in many fields like agriculture designing machinery making defense and many more@ Also they are used in many fields like agriculture designing machinery making defense and many more
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Above all they have revolutionized the whole world@ Above all they have revolutionized the whole world
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
It is very difficult to find the exact origin of computers@
It is very difficult to find the exact origin of computers
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But according to some experts computer exists at the time of world warII@ But according to some experts computer exists at the time of world warII
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also at that time they were used for keeping data@ Also at that time they were used for keeping data
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But it was for only government use and not for public use@ But it was for only government use and not for public use
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Above all in the beginning the computer was a very large and heavy machine@ Above all in the beginning the computer was a very large and heavy machine
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The computer runs on a threestep cycle namely input process and output@
The computer runs on a threestep cycle namely input process and output
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also the computer follows this cycle in every process it was asked to do@ Also the computer follows this cycle in every process it was asked to do
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In simple words the process can be explained in this way@ In simple words the process can be explained in this way
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The data which we feed into the computer is input the work CPU do is process and the result which the computer give is output@ The data which we feed into the computer is input the work CPU do is process and the result which the computer give is output
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The computer is categorized into many different types like supercomputers mainframes personal computers desktop PDAs laptop etc@
The computer is categorized into many different types like supercomputers mainframes personal computers desktop PDAs laptop etc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The mobile phone is also a type of computer because it fulfills all the criteria of being a computer@ The mobile phone is also a type of computer because it fulfills all the criteria of being a computer
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
As the usage of computer increased it became a necessity for almost every field to use computers for their operations@
As the usage of computer increased it became a necessity for almost every field to use computers for their operations
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also they have made working and sorting things easier@ Also they have made working and sorting things easier
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Below we are mentioning some of the important fields that use a computer in their daily operation@ Below we are mentioning some of the important fields that use a computer in their daily operation
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
They use computers to diagnose diseases run tests and for finding the cure for deadly diseases@
They use computers to diagnose diseases run tests and for finding the cure for deadly diseases
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also they are able to find a cure for many diseases because of computers@ Also they are able to find a cure for many diseases because of computers
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Whether its scientific research space research or any social research computers help in all of them@
Whether its scientific research space research or any social research computers help in all of them
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also due to them we are able to keep a check on the environment space and society@ Also due to them we are able to keep a check on the environment space and society
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Space research helped us to explore the galaxies@ Space research helped us to explore the galaxies
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  While scientific research has helped us to locate resources and various other useful resources from the earth@ While scientific research has helped us to locate resources and various other useful resources from the earth
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
For any country his defence is most important for the safety and security of its people@
For any country his defence is most important for the safety and security of its people
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also computer in this field helps the countrys security agencies to detect a threat which can be harmful in the future@ Also computer in this field helps the countrys security agencies to detect a threat which can be harmful in the future
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Above all the defense industry use them to keep surveillance on our enemy@ Above all the defense industry use them to keep surveillance on our enemy
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The computer is a very important machine that has become a useful part of our life@
The computer is a very important machine that has become a useful part of our life
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also the computers have twinfaces on one side its a boon and on the other side its a bane@ Also the computers have twinfaces on one side its a boon and on the other side its a bane
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Its uses completely depend upon you@ Its uses completely depend upon you
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Apart from that a day in the future will come when human civilization wont be able to survive without computers as we depend on them too much@ Apart from that a day in the future will come when human civilization wont be able to survive without computers as we depend on them too much
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Till now it is a great discovery of mankind that has helped in saving thousands and millions of lives@ Till now it is a great discovery of mankind that has helped in saving thousands and millions of lives
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Looking at the age when a man led a life like a savage we notice how far we have come@
Looking at the age when a man led a life like a savage we notice how far we have come
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Similarly the evolution of mankind is truly commendable@ Similarly the evolution of mankind is truly commendable
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  One of the major driving forces behind this is science@ One of the major driving forces behind this is science
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It makes you think about the wonder of science and how it has proven to be such a boon in our lives@ It makes you think about the wonder of science and how it has proven to be such a boon in our lives
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Most importantly science has helped develop a great civilization@ Most importantly science has helped develop a great civilization
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  All the advancements that man has been able to make are with the help of science only@ All the advancements that man has been able to make are with the help of science only
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  However it wont be wrong to say that science is a twoedged sword@ However it wont be wrong to say that science is a twoedged sword
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It comes with its own set of advantages and disadvantages@ It comes with its own set of advantages and disadvantages
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
To say that science has a lot of benefits would be an understatement@
To say that science has a lot of benefits would be an understatement
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The benefits of science do not just limit to one sphere but it has proven useful in various spheres of the world@ The benefits of science do not just limit to one sphere but it has proven useful in various spheres of the world
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  When we talk about innovations in science and engineering electricity is the first thing that comes to mind@ When we talk about innovations in science and engineering electricity is the first thing that comes to mind
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It has helped power the world through its development@ It has helped power the world through its development
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
These are deadly enough to cause war and wipe out fullfledged countries@
These are deadly enough to cause war and wipe out fullfledged countries
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Another drawback is the pollution caused by it@ Another drawback is the pollution caused by it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  As the world became more industrialized because of science pollution levels increased@ As the world became more industrialized because of science pollution levels increased
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  All the highscale industries are now polluting natural resources like water air wood and more@ All the highscale industries are now polluting natural resources like water air wood and more
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Subsequently this industrial growth has increased rates of unemployment as machines are replacing human labor@
Subsequently this industrial growth has increased rates of unemployment as machines are replacing human labor
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  So we see how it also has a considerable amount of drawbacks as well@ So we see how it also has a considerable amount of drawbacks as well
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
In conclusion we can say that surely science is very beneficial to the modern man@
In conclusion we can say that surely science is very beneficial to the modern man
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But innovations and discoveries have also become destructive in various ways for mankind@ But innovations and discoveries have also become destructive in various ways for mankind
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
We live in the age of the internet@
We live in the age of the internet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also it has become an important part of our life that we cant live without it@ Also it has become an important part of our life that we cant live without it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Besides the internet is an invention of highend science and modern technology@ Besides the internet is an invention of highend science and modern technology
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Apart from that we are connected to internet @ Apart from that we are connected to internet 
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also we can send big and small messages and information faster than ever@ Also we can send big and small messages and information faster than ever
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In this essay on the Internet we are going to discuss various things related to the internet@ In this essay on the Internet we are going to discuss various things related to the internet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
It is very difficult to estimate the area that the internet cover@
It is very difficult to estimate the area that the internet cover
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also every second million people remain connected to it with any problem or issue@ Also every second million people remain connected to it with any problem or issue
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Apart from that just like all the things the internet also has some good and bad effect on the life of people@ Apart from that just like all the things the internet also has some good and bad effect on the life of people
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  So the first thing which we have to do is learn about the good and bad effect of the internet@ So the first thing which we have to do is learn about the good and bad effect of the internet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Good effects of the internet mean all those things that the internet make possible@
Good effects of the internet mean all those things that the internet make possible
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also these things make our life easier and safer@ Also these things make our life easier and safer
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Bad effects of the internet mean all those things that we can no longer do because of the internet@
Bad effects of the internet mean all those things that we can no longer do because of the internet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also these things cause trouble for oneself and others too@ Also these things cause trouble for oneself and others too
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
You can access in any corner of the world@
You can access in any corner of the world
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also it is very easy to use and manage@ Also it is very easy to use and manage
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In todays world we cannot imagine our life without it@ In todays world we cannot imagine our life without it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
From the time it first came into existence until now the internet has completed a long journey@
From the time it first came into existence until now the internet has completed a long journey
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also during this journey the internet has adopted many things and became more userfriendly and interactive@ Also during this journey the internet has adopted many things and became more userfriendly and interactive
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Besides every big and small things are available on internet and article or material that you require can be obtainable from internet@ Besides every big and small things are available on internet and article or material that you require can be obtainable from internet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Because of internet our lives have become more convenient as compared to the times when we dont have internet@
Because of internet our lives have become more convenient as compared to the times when we dont have internet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Earlier we have to stand in queues to send mails letters for withdrawing or depositing money to book tickets etc@ Earlier we have to stand in queues to send mails letters for withdrawing or depositing money to book tickets etc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  but after the dawn of the internet all these things become quite easy@ but after the dawn of the internet all these things become quite easy
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Also we do not have to waste our precious time standing in queues@ Also we do not have to waste our precious time standing in queues
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Also the internet has contributed a lot to the environment as much of the offices government and private school and colleges have become digital that saves countless paper@
Also the internet has contributed a lot to the environment as much of the offices government and private school and colleges have become digital that saves countless paper
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Although there is no doubt that the internet had made our life easier and convenient but we cant leave the fact that it has caused many bigger problems in the past@
Although there is no doubt that the internet had made our life easier and convenient but we cant leave the fact that it has caused many bigger problems in the past
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  And with the speed we are becoming addict to it a day in will come when it will become our basic necessity@ And with the speed we are becoming addict to it a day in will come when it will become our basic necessity
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Newspapers are one of the most important documents@
Newspapers are one of the most important documents
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  They can be said to be the powerhouse of information@ They can be said to be the powerhouse of information
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Moreover they offer us other benefits as well which helps us in our lives@ Moreover they offer us other benefits as well which helps us in our lives
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  You become better informed through newspaper reading and it also broadens your perspective@ You become better informed through newspaper reading and it also broadens your perspective
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  However newspaper reading is becoming a dying habit@ However newspaper reading is becoming a dying habit
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  As the world is moving towards digitalization no one really reads the newspaper@ As the world is moving towards digitalization no one really reads the newspaper
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  At least not the present generation@ At least not the present generation
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The readership is maintained mostly because of the older generations only@ The readership is maintained mostly because of the older generations only
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Unfortunately despite having so many benefits newspaper reading is becoming a dying habit@
Unfortunately despite having so many benefits newspaper reading is becoming a dying habit
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  As people are getting instant updates on their mobile phones and computer systems they barely read the newspaper@ As people are getting instant updates on their mobile phones and computer systems they barely read the newspaper
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Moreover electronic gadgets are more convenient for them so they dont bother to pick up the newspaper@ Moreover electronic gadgets are more convenient for them so they dont bother to pick up the newspaper
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Moreover we see that everything has become very convenient and instant now@
Moreover we see that everything has become very convenient and instant now
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  You can learn about what is happening in the other part of the world as it is taking place@ You can learn about what is happening in the other part of the world as it is taking place
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  People do not wait for newspapers anymore as they feel it only states what they have already been informed about@ People do not wait for newspapers anymore as they feel it only states what they have already been informed about
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In addition they do not wait for the next day to read the newspaper about current affairs as they get it instantly thanks to the internet@ In addition they do not wait for the next day to read the newspaper about current affairs as they get it instantly thanks to the internet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Most importantly people are themselves running out of the habit of reading itself@
Most importantly people are themselves running out of the habit of reading itself
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Everything has become so visual now that no one bothers to read newspapers books novels or more@ Everything has become so visual now that no one bothers to read newspapers books novels or more
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The internet has made it worse as now there is a video for everything@ The internet has made it worse as now there is a video for everything
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  People wont mind watching a fiveminute video but will however not prefer to read a fiveminutelong article@ People wont mind watching a fiveminute video but will however not prefer to read a fiveminutelong article
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
It just shows how were becoming so inactive and lazy@
It just shows how were becoming so inactive and lazy
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Everyone just needs things to be served on a platter@ Everyone just needs things to be served on a platter
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Therefore we must not let this become a dying habit as newspapers are very reliable sources of news@ Therefore we must not let this become a dying habit as newspapers are very reliable sources of news
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In the absence of these there will be hardly anyone left to verify the data and information were being fed@ In the absence of these there will be hardly anyone left to verify the data and information were being fed
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Newspaper reading has numerous benefits@
Newspaper reading has numerous benefits
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It makes us aware of the current affairs and also makes us wellversed@ It makes us aware of the current affairs and also makes us wellversed
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It also kills boredom and enhances our vocabulary and grammar@ It also kills boredom and enhances our vocabulary and grammar
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  You can also seek jobs and promotions through newspapers@ You can also seek jobs and promotions through newspapers
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
As I have mentioned earlier Science has got many changes in our lives@
As I have mentioned earlier Science has got many changes in our lives
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  First of all transportation is easier now@ First of all transportation is easier now
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  With the help of Science it now easier to travel long distances@ With the help of Science it now easier to travel long distances
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Moreover the time of traveling is also reduced@ Moreover the time of traveling is also reduced
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Various highspeed vehicles are available these days@ Various highspeed vehicles are available these days
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  These vehicles have totally changed@ These vehicles have totally changed
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The phase of our society@ The phase of our society
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Science upgraded steam engines to electric engines@ Science upgraded steam engines to electric engines
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In earlier times people were traveling with cycles@ In earlier times people were traveling with cycles
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But now everybody travels on motorcycles and cars@ But now everybody travels on motorcycles and cars
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This saves time and effort@ This saves time and effort
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  And this is all possible with the help of Science@ And this is all possible with the help of Science
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Secondly Science made us reach to the moon@
Secondly Science made us reach to the moon
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But we never stopped there@ But we never stopped there
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It also gave us a glance at Mars@ It also gave us a glance at Mars
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This is one of the greatest achievements@ This is one of the greatest achievements
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This was only possible with Science@ This was only possible with Science
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  These days Scientists make many satellites@ These days Scientists make many satellites
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Because of which we are using highspeed Internet@ Because of which we are using highspeed Internet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  These satellites revolve around the earth every day and night@ These satellites revolve around the earth every day and night
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Even without making us aware of it@ Even without making us aware of it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Science is the backbone of our society@
Science is the backbone of our society
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Science gave us so much in our present time@ Science gave us so much in our present time
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Due to this the teacher in our schools teaches Science from an early age@ Due to this the teacher in our schools teaches Science from an early age
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Furthermore the second subject was Chemistry@
Furthermore the second subject was Chemistry
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Chemistry is a subject that deals with an element found inside the earth@ Chemistry is a subject that deals with an element found inside the earth
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Even more it helps in making various products@ Even more it helps in making various products
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Products like medicine and cosmetics etc@ Products like medicine and cosmetics etc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  result in human benefits@ result in human benefits
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Last but not least the subject of Biology@
Last but not least the subject of Biology
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Biology is a subject that teaches us about our Human body@ Biology is a subject that teaches us about our Human body
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It tells us about its various parts@ It tells us about its various parts
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Furthermore it even teaches the students about cells@ Furthermore it even teaches the students about cells
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Cells are present in human blood@ Cells are present in human blood
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Science is so advanced that it did let us know even that@ Science is so advanced that it did let us know even that
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
This outline provides a starting point for an extensive essay on LMS@
This outline provides a starting point for an extensive essay on LMS
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Each section introduced here can be elaborated into multiple sentences to reach the desired length focusing on specific examples case studies and detailed discussions on each aspect of LMS@ Each section introduced here can be elaborated into multiple sentences to reach the desired length focusing on specific examples case studies and detailed discussions on each aspect of LMS
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Learning Management Systems have transformed the educational landscape offering tools and technologies that enhance extend and personalize the learning experience@
Learning Management Systems have transformed the educational landscape offering tools and technologies that enhance extend and personalize the learning experience
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  As LMS continue to evolve they hold the promise of further democratizing education breaking down barriers to access and fostering a global learning community@ As LMS continue to evolve they hold the promise of further democratizing education breaking down barriers to access and fostering a global learning community
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Despite the challenges the future of LMS is bright with potential for even greater impact on teaching and learning worldwide@ Despite the challenges the future of LMS is bright with potential for even greater impact on teaching and learning worldwide
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The growing emphasis on lifelong learning and continuous professional development is expected to drive the expansion of LMS platforms beyond traditional educational institutions catering to a broader audience@
The growing emphasis on lifelong learning and continuous professional development is expected to drive the expansion of LMS platforms beyond traditional educational institutions catering to a broader audience
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Emerging technologies such as virtual and augmented reality could be integrated into LMS further enriching the learning environment and expanding the possibilities for simulationbased learning@
Emerging technologies such as virtual and augmented reality could be integrated into LMS further enriching the learning environment and expanding the possibilities for simulationbased learning
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The future of LMS is likely to be shaped by advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning offering more personalized and adaptive learning experiences@
The future of LMS is likely to be shaped by advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning offering more personalized and adaptive learning experiences
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Learning Management Systems LMS have revolutionized the way educational content is delivered accessed and managed offering unprecedented flexibility and efficiency in learning environments@
Learning Management Systems LMS have revolutionized the way educational content is delivered accessed and managed offering unprecedented flexibility and efficiency in learning environments
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Originating from simple course management solutions LMS have evolved into comprehensive platforms that facilitate a seamless integration of pedagogical tools resources and interactive features thereby fostering an engaging and personalized learning experience@ Originating from simple course management solutions LMS have evolved into comprehensive platforms that facilitate a seamless integration of pedagogical tools resources and interactive features thereby fostering an engaging and personalized learning experience
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This essay explores the development significance and future prospects of LMS underscoring their pivotal role in contemporary education@ This essay explores the development significance and future prospects of LMS underscoring their pivotal role in contemporary education
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

The concept of LMS can be traced back to the early days of computerassisted instruction where the primary focus was on delivering learning materials and tracking student progress@

The concept of LMS can be traced back to the early days of computerassisted instruction where the primary focus was on delivering learning materials and tracking student progress
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The evolution from simple courseware to sophisticated platforms was driven by the internets expansion enabling anytime anywhere access to educational resources@
The evolution from simple courseware to sophisticated platforms was driven by the internets expansion enabling anytime anywhere access to educational resources
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Early adopters of LMS technology recognized its potential to transcend traditional classroom boundaries fostering a more flexible and studentcentered learning approach@
Early adopters of LMS technology recognized its potential to transcend traditional classroom boundaries fostering a more flexible and studentcentered learning approach
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
At the heart of any LMS is the capability to create deliver and manage course content allowing educators to curate materials that cater to diverse learning preferences@
At the heart of any LMS is the capability to create deliver and manage course content allowing educators to curate materials that cater to diverse learning preferences
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Assessment tools within LMS provide robust mechanisms for evaluating student performance offering various formats like quizzes assignments and exams to assess learning outcomes@
Assessment tools within LMS provide robust mechanisms for evaluating student performance offering various formats like quizzes assignments and exams to assess learning outcomes
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Communication features such as forums chats and email facilitate interaction among students and between students and instructors enhancing the learning communitys dynamism@
Communication features such as forums chats and email facilitate interaction among students and between students and instructors enhancing the learning communitys dynamism
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
LMS platforms often include analytics and reporting tools enabling educators to monitor student engagement and progress thereby informing personalized support and intervention strategies@
LMS platforms often include analytics and reporting tools enabling educators to monitor student engagement and progress thereby informing personalized support and intervention strategies
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
LMS have democratized access to education enabling learners from various geographical economic and social backgrounds to access quality educational resources@
LMS have democratized access to education enabling learners from various geographical economic and social backgrounds to access quality educational resources
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The flexibility offered by LMS supports a range of learning styles and paces accommodating individual learner needs and preferences@
The flexibility offered by LMS supports a range of learning styles and paces accommodating individual learner needs and preferences
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Through the integration of multimedia and interactive elements LMS have enriched the learning experience making education more engaging and effective@
Through the integration of multimedia and interactive elements LMS have enriched the learning experience making education more engaging and effective
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The scalability of LMS platforms allows institutions to offer courses to a vast number of students breaking the constraints of physical classroom spaces@
The scalability of LMS platforms allows institutions to offer courses to a vast number of students breaking the constraints of physical classroom spaces
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Writing an essay with at least  sentences on large language models LLMs would be quite extensive so Ill provide a structured outline and a condensed version to illustrate how such an essay could be approached@
Writing an essay with at least  sentences on large language models LLMs would be quite extensive so Ill provide a structured outline and a condensed version to illustrate how such an essay could be approached
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This will include an introduction to LLMs their development applications ethical considerations and future prospects@ This will include an introduction to LLMs their development applications ethical considerations and future prospects
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Large language models LLMs like GPT Generative Pretrained Transformer have revolutionized the field of natural language processing NLP@
Large language models LLMs like GPT Generative Pretrained Transformer have revolutionized the field of natural language processing NLP
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  These models are trained on vast datasets of text from the internet enabling them to generate coherent contextually relevant text based on the input they receive@ These models are trained on vast datasets of text from the internet enabling them to generate coherent contextually relevant text based on the input they receive
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The versatility of LLMs has made them invaluable for a variety of applications from composing emails to generating code@ The versatility of LLMs has made them invaluable for a variety of applications from composing emails to generating code
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The development of LLMs began with smaller simpler models that struggled with maintaining context over longer texts@
The development of LLMs began with smaller simpler models that struggled with maintaining context over longer texts
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Over time advancements in machine learning increases in computational power and the availability of large text corpora allowed for the development of models like GPT which can understand and generate text with a surprising degree of coherence and relevance@ Over time advancements in machine learning increases in computational power and the availability of large text corpora allowed for the development of models like GPT which can understand and generate text with a surprising degree of coherence and relevance
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The future of LLMs is incredibly promising with research pushing the boundaries of what these models can achieve@
The future of LLMs is incredibly promising with research pushing the boundaries of what these models can achieve
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  However this future is contingent on addressing the ethical concerns associated with their development and deployment@ However this future is contingent on addressing the ethical concerns associated with their development and deployment
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Ongoing research aims to create more responsible models that are fair unbiased and transparent@ Ongoing research aims to create more responsible models that are fair unbiased and transparent
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The path forward involves tackling the technical challenges of improving model performance while mitigating ethical risks@
The path forward involves tackling the technical challenges of improving model performance while mitigating ethical risks
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This includes developing techniques for debiasing models ensuring data privacy and creating frameworks for the responsible use of LLMs@ This includes developing techniques for debiasing models ensuring data privacy and creating frameworks for the responsible use of LLMs
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Large language models are a cornerstone of modern AI offering capabilities that were unimaginable just a few years ago@
Large language models are a cornerstone of modern AI offering capabilities that were unimaginable just a few years ago
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  As we continue to explore the potential of these models its crucial that we do so with an eye towards ethical implications and the broader impact on society@ As we continue to explore the potential of these models its crucial that we do so with an eye towards ethical implications and the broader impact on society
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  By fostering an environment of responsible AI development we can ensure that LLMs contribute positively to advancements in technology and society@ By fostering an environment of responsible AI development we can ensure that LLMs contribute positively to advancements in technology and society
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
This condensed version touches on key points about LLMs but falls short of the sentence request due to practical constraints@
This condensed version touches on key points about LLMs but falls short of the sentence request due to practical constraints
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Expanding on each section with detailed examples historical context technical explanations and indepth analysis of ethical considerations could help reach the desired length@ Expanding on each section with detailed examples historical context technical explanations and indepth analysis of ethical considerations could help reach the desired length
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The last major director we have is Christopher Nolan@
The last major director we have is Christopher Nolan
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  As you watch his movies you think about what it means for there to be masters of the art people who seem to know the tools of the art so well that they are in complete control of what theyre doing yet when you see their work you can hardly tell how they did it@ As you watch his movies you think about what it means for there to be masters of the art people who seem to know the tools of the art so well that they are in complete control of what theyre doing yet when you see their work you can hardly tell how they did it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Nolan is unique in bringing together high critical praise and very large audiences and this time he has decided to do so by bringing attention to a subject of great importancethe making of the atomic bomb@ Nolan is unique in bringing together high critical praise and very large audiences and this time he has decided to do so by bringing attention to a subject of great importancethe making of the atomic bomb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

Oppenheimer is therefore a movie strongly in opposition to the tendency of our decadence which is to despise human beings@

Oppenheimer is therefore a movie strongly in opposition to the tendency of our decadence which is to despise human beings
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  We have many humanitarian concerns especially with victims and discrimination but these are essentially condescending@ We have many humanitarian concerns especially with victims and discrimination but these are essentially condescending
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  All a victim can hope to be is what we already are@ All a victim can hope to be is what we already are
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  We ourselves are hopelesswe cannot go beyond applauding@ We ourselves are hopelesswe cannot go beyond applauding
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Nolan however shows us a movie about a great and terrible achievement a scientific and political achievement and the man who led that effort@ Nolan however shows us a movie about a great and terrible achievement a scientific and political achievement and the man who led that effort
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  He implies there is no one of J@ He implies there is no one of J
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Robert Oppenheimers stature in our times@ Robert Oppenheimers stature in our times
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  We are diminished and he wants us to restore greater ambitions higher horizons and perhaps be wiser for the fear we have experienced contemplating the power we unleashed in WWII@ We are diminished and he wants us to restore greater ambitions higher horizons and perhaps be wiser for the fear we have experienced contemplating the power we unleashed in WWII
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

The structure of the film attempts to bring together in our field of vision in Nolans by now signature parallel editing style the various personal and political concerns of scientific and other public figures from the s to the s@

The structure of the film attempts to bring together in our field of vision in Nolans by now signature parallel editing style the various personal and political concerns of scientific and other public figures from the s to the s
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  We see Oppenheimer himself Cillian Murphy in the role of his career primarily in color a giant figure in the IMAX mm format often in closeup@ We see Oppenheimer himself Cillian Murphy in the role of his career primarily in color a giant figure in the IMAX mm format often in closeup
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  We follow him from his graduate school days in physics throughout his career through Europe California and of course Los Alamos@ We follow him from his graduate school days in physics throughout his career through Europe California and of course Los Alamos
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

This is framed by his testimony also in color to a commission that will eventually remove his security clearance in  marking the end of his public career@

This is framed by his testimony also in color to a commission that will eventually remove his security clearance in  marking the end of his public career
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This testimony is twinned by the  secretary of commerce nomination hearings of Admiral Strauss played very well by Robert Downey Jr@ This testimony is twinned by the  secretary of commerce nomination hearings of Admiral Strauss played very well by Robert Downey Jr
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  whom the movie blames for the humiliation of removing Oppenheimers clearance@ whom the movie blames for the humiliation of removing Oppenheimers clearance
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This part is in black and white@ This part is in black and white
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In a bit of poetic justice the movie shows Strauss losing his nomination vote after he is humiliated by scientists who feel Oppenheimer was treated with great indignity by the politicians@ In a bit of poetic justice the movie shows Strauss losing his nomination vote after he is humiliated by scientists who feel Oppenheimer was treated with great indignity by the politicians
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This approaches the preposterous with a young Senator John F@ This approaches the preposterous with a young Senator John F
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Kennedy noted as among those who sank Strauss@ Kennedy noted as among those who sank Strauss
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In reality the admiral was a remarkable and worthy public servant but a Republican facing a Democratic Senate@ In reality the admiral was a remarkable and worthy public servant but a Republican facing a Democratic Senate
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The framework for Oppenheimers biography is supposed to achieve something more serious than rescuing his reputation with a bit of poetic justice@
The framework for Oppenheimers biography is supposed to achieve something more serious than rescuing his reputation with a bit of poetic justice
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It show us the political context of the decisions made during WWII and at the beginning of the Cold War the great dangers the country faced and the fact that scientists can be very unwise people much more so than the ordinary American who does not presume to impose his will on the basis of impressive academic or technical knowledge@ It show us the political context of the decisions made during WWII and at the beginning of the Cold War the great dangers the country faced and the fact that scientists can be very unwise people much more so than the ordinary American who does not presume to impose his will on the basis of impressive academic or technical knowledge
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

The most shocking aspect of that difference between the politicians who did represent the American people and the scientists who wanted to rule the American people is that more of the scientists were Communists and some were traitors obviously some politicians were also Communist spies and traitors@

The most shocking aspect of that difference between the politicians who did represent the American people and the scientists who wanted to rule the American people is that more of the scientists were Communists and some were traitors obviously some politicians were also Communist spies and traitors
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Unfortunately Oppenheimer himself was as stupid as any other intellectual of his era but more cautious and perhaps a little more serious@ Unfortunately Oppenheimer himself was as stupid as any other intellectual of his era but more cautious and perhaps a little more serious
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  His brother whom he brought to work at Los Alamos did join the Communist Party against Oppenheimers advice@ His brother whom he brought to work at Los Alamos did join the Communist Party against Oppenheimers advice
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  His wife had been a Communist as had his mistress@ His wife had been a Communist as had his mistress
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The list goes on@ The list goes on
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Oppenheimer does a great job of showing how blind and ridiculous all these very educated upperclass people were@ Oppenheimer does a great job of showing how blind and ridiculous all these very educated upperclass people were
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Parttime revolutionaries at one time or another but also indignant Americans claiming their rights when their loyalty was questioned@ Parttime revolutionaries at one time or another but also indignant Americans claiming their rights when their loyalty was questioned
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

But there are more serious things than even treason that the movie brings to our attention in a way no other movie has before@

But there are more serious things than even treason that the movie brings to our attention in a way no other movie has before
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The making of the atomic bomb was considered a necessity of war@ The making of the atomic bomb was considered a necessity of war
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The fear was that the Nazis would get there first@ The fear was that the Nazis would get there first
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Science is not by nature proAmerican indeed it has no loyalty@ Science is not by nature proAmerican indeed it has no loyalty
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Nazis commanded the allegiance or obedience of scientists perhaps even better than the Americans@ Nazis commanded the allegiance or obedience of scientists perhaps even better than the Americans
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Yet the American scientists believed that they were acting for a just cause that they were patriotic and therefore must have believed that knowledge is good perhaps especially in the form of modern natural science@ Yet the American scientists believed that they were acting for a just cause that they were patriotic and therefore must have believed that knowledge is good perhaps especially in the form of modern natural science
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Yet that science that can split the atom and possibly incinerate our world does not include a branch that examines the motives of men or their politics@ Yet that science that can split the atom and possibly incinerate our world does not include a branch that examines the motives of men or their politics
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  There is a remarkable sacrifice and perhaps a form of piety in the Progressive confidence of those men@ There is a remarkable sacrifice and perhaps a form of piety in the Progressive confidence of those men
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

The radical distinction between technical knowledge and moral concerns is the core of the story and drives everythingfrom the oftenjarring sound design and inspiriting score to the editing which is relentless pushing us not to the inevitable the history we know but to the inner necessities of the modern world and all the way to the cinematography which insists on privileging the personal suffering of Oppenheimer@

The radical distinction between technical knowledge and moral concerns is the core of the story and drives everythingfrom the oftenjarring sound design and inspiriting score to the editing which is relentless pushing us not to the inevitable the history we know but to the inner necessities of the modern world and all the way to the cinematography which insists on privileging the personal suffering of Oppenheimer
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The man who starts with an ambition to know the newest things man can know then grows up to take responsibility for the Manhattan Project and ends by believing he was somehow responsible for atomic energy in the postwar world@ The man who starts with an ambition to know the newest things man can know then grows up to take responsibility for the Manhattan Project and ends by believing he was somehow responsible for atomic energy in the postwar world
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This is a sentimental delusion since neither science nor politics cares much for Oppenheimer but in a way it is testimony to what was noble in his character acting to limit war reasonably@ This is a sentimental delusion since neither science nor politics cares much for Oppenheimer but in a way it is testimony to what was noble in his character acting to limit war reasonably
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But when you see the amazing reconstruction of atomic fire you can at least begin to understand how he could become so afraid of The Bomb@ But when you see the amazing reconstruction of atomic fire you can at least begin to understand how he could become so afraid of The Bomb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It is almost an object of awe@ It is almost an object of awe
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
This threeplus hour biography of J@
This threeplus hour biography of J
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Robert Oppenheimer Cillian Murphy is a film about faces@ Robert Oppenheimer Cillian Murphy is a film about faces
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  They talk a lot@ They talk a lot
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  They listen@ They listen
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  They react to good and bad news@ They react to good and bad news
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  And sometimes they get lost in their own headsnone more so than the title character the supervisor of the nuclear weapons team at Los Alamos whose apocalyptic contribution to science earned him the nickname The American Prometheus as per the title of Nolans primary source the biography by Kai Bird and Martin J@ And sometimes they get lost in their own headsnone more so than the title character the supervisor of the nuclear weapons team at Los Alamos whose apocalyptic contribution to science earned him the nickname The American Prometheus as per the title of Nolans primary source the biography by Kai Bird and Martin J
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Sherman@ Sherman
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Nolan and cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema use the largeformat IMAX film system not merely to capture the splendor of New Mexicos desert panoramas but contrast the external coolness and internal turmoil of Oppenheimer a brilliant mathematician and lowkey showman and leader whose impulsive nature and insatiable sexual appetites made his private life a disaster and whose greatest contribution to civilization was a weapon that could destroy it@ Nolan and cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema use the largeformat IMAX film system not merely to capture the splendor of New Mexicos desert panoramas but contrast the external coolness and internal turmoil of Oppenheimer a brilliant mathematician and lowkey showman and leader whose impulsive nature and insatiable sexual appetites made his private life a disaster and whose greatest contribution to civilization was a weapon that could destroy it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Closeup after closeup shows star Cillian Murphys face staring into the middle distance offscreen and sometimes directly into the lens while Oppenheimer dissociates from unpleasant interactions or gets lost inside memories fantasies and waking nightmares@ Closeup after closeup shows star Cillian Murphys face staring into the middle distance offscreen and sometimes directly into the lens while Oppenheimer dissociates from unpleasant interactions or gets lost inside memories fantasies and waking nightmares
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Oppenheimer rediscovers the power of huge closeups of peoples faces as they grapple with who they are and who other people have decided that they are and what theyve done to themselves and others@ Oppenheimer rediscovers the power of huge closeups of peoples faces as they grapple with who they are and who other people have decided that they are and what theyve done to themselves and others
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  
Sometimes the closeups of peoples faces are interrupted by flashcuts of events that havent happened or already happened@ 
Sometimes the closeups of peoples faces are interrupted by flashcuts of events that havent happened or already happened
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  There are recurring images of flame debris and smaller chainreaction explosions that resemble strings of firecrackers as well as nonincendiary images that evoke other awful personal disasters@ There are recurring images of flame debris and smaller chainreaction explosions that resemble strings of firecrackers as well as nonincendiary images that evoke other awful personal disasters
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  There are a lot of gradually expanding flashbacks in this film where you see a glimpse of something first then a bit more of it and then finally the entire thing@ There are a lot of gradually expanding flashbacks in this film where you see a glimpse of something first then a bit more of it and then finally the entire thing
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But these dont just relate to the big bomb that Oppenheimers team hopes to detonate in the desert or the little ones that are constantly detonating in Oppenheimers life sometimes because he personally pushed the big red button in a moment of anger pride or lust and other times because he made a naive or thoughtless mistake that pissed somebody off long ago and the wronged person retaliated with the equivalent of a timedelayed bomb@ But these dont just relate to the big bomb that Oppenheimers team hopes to detonate in the desert or the little ones that are constantly detonating in Oppenheimers life sometimes because he personally pushed the big red button in a moment of anger pride or lust and other times because he made a naive or thoughtless mistake that pissed somebody off long ago and the wronged person retaliated with the equivalent of a timedelayed bomb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The fissile cutting to borrow a physics word is also a metaphor for the domino effect caused by individual decisions and the chain reaction that makes other things happen as a result@ The fissile cutting to borrow a physics word is also a metaphor for the domino effect caused by individual decisions and the chain reaction that makes other things happen as a result
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This principle is also visualized by repeated images of ripples in water starting with the opening closeup of raindrops setting off expanding circles on the surface that foreshadow both the ending of Oppenheimers career as a government advisor and public figure and the explosion of the first nuke at Los Alamos which observers see then hear then finally feel in all its awful impact@ This principle is also visualized by repeated images of ripples in water starting with the opening closeup of raindrops setting off expanding circles on the surface that foreshadow both the ending of Oppenheimers career as a government advisor and public figure and the explosion of the first nuke at Los Alamos which observers see then hear then finally feel in all its awful impact
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  

The weight of the films interests and meanings are carried by facesnot just Oppenheimers but those of other significant characters including General Leslie Groves Matt Damon Los Alamos military supervisor Roberts suffering wife Kitty Oppenheimer Emily Blunt whose tactical mind could have averted a lot of disasters if her husband would have only listened and Lewis Strauss Robert Downey Jr@ 

The weight of the films interests and meanings are carried by facesnot just Oppenheimers but those of other significant characters including General Leslie Groves Matt Damon Los Alamos military supervisor Roberts suffering wife Kitty Oppenheimer Emily Blunt whose tactical mind could have averted a lot of disasters if her husband would have only listened and Lewis Strauss Robert Downey Jr
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  the Atomic Energy Commission chair who despised Oppenheimer for a lot of reasons including his decision to distance himself from his Jewish roots and who spent several years trying to derail Oppenheimers postLos Alamos career@ the Atomic Energy Commission chair who despised Oppenheimer for a lot of reasons including his decision to distance himself from his Jewish roots and who spent several years trying to derail Oppenheimers postLos Alamos career
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The latter constitutes its own adjacent fulllength story about pettiness mediocrity and jealousy@ The latter constitutes its own adjacent fulllength story about pettiness mediocrity and jealousy
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Strauss is Salieri to Oppenheimers Mozart regularly and often pathetically reminding others that he studied physics too back in the day and that hes a good person unlike Oppenheimer the adulterer and communist sympathizer@ Strauss is Salieri to Oppenheimers Mozart regularly and often pathetically reminding others that he studied physics too back in the day and that hes a good person unlike Oppenheimer the adulterer and communist sympathizer
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This film asserts that Strauss leaked the FBI file on his progressive and communist associations to a third party who then wrote to the bureaus director J@ This film asserts that Strauss leaked the FBI file on his progressive and communist associations to a third party who then wrote to the bureaus director J
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Edgar Hoover@ Edgar Hoover
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

The film speaks quite often of one of the principles of quantum physics which holds that observing quantum phenomena by a detector or an instrument can change the results of this experiment@

The film speaks quite often of one of the principles of quantum physics which holds that observing quantum phenomena by a detector or an instrument can change the results of this experiment
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The editing illustrates it by constantly reframing our perception of an event to change its meaning and the script does it by adding new information that undermines contradicts or expands our sense of why a character did something or whether they even knew why they did it@ The editing illustrates it by constantly reframing our perception of an event to change its meaning and the script does it by adding new information that undermines contradicts or expands our sense of why a character did something or whether they even knew why they did it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  
That I believe is really what Oppenheimer is about much more so than the atom bomb itself or even its impact on the war and the Japanese civilian population which is talked about but never shown@ 
That I believe is really what Oppenheimer is about much more so than the atom bomb itself or even its impact on the war and the Japanese civilian population which is talked about but never shown
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The film does show what the atom bomb does to human flesh but its not recreations of the actual attacks on Japan the agonized Oppenheimer imagines Americans going through it@ The film does show what the atom bomb does to human flesh but its not recreations of the actual attacks on Japan the agonized Oppenheimer imagines Americans going through it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This filmmaking decision is likely to antagonize both viewers who wanted a more direct reckoning with the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and those who have bought into the arguments advanced by Strauss and others that the bombs had to be dropped because Japan never would have surrendered otherwise@ This filmmaking decision is likely to antagonize both viewers who wanted a more direct reckoning with the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and those who have bought into the arguments advanced by Strauss and others that the bombs had to be dropped because Japan never would have surrendered otherwise
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The movie doesnt indicate whether it thinks that interpretation is true or if it sides more with Oppenheimer and others who insisted that Japan was on its knees by that point in World War II and would have eventually given up without atomic attacks that killed hundreds of thousands of civilians@ The movie doesnt indicate whether it thinks that interpretation is true or if it sides more with Oppenheimer and others who insisted that Japan was on its knees by that point in World War II and would have eventually given up without atomic attacks that killed hundreds of thousands of civilians
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  No this is a film that permits itself the freedoms and indulgences of novelists poets and opera composers@ No this is a film that permits itself the freedoms and indulgences of novelists poets and opera composers
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It does what we expect it to do Dramatize the life of Oppenheimer and other historically significant people in his orbit in an aesthetically daring way while also letting all of the characters and all of the events be used metaphorically and symbolically as well so that they become pointillistic elements in a much larger canvas thats about the mysteries of the human personality and the unforeseen impact of decisions made by individuals and societies@ It does what we expect it to do Dramatize the life of Oppenheimer and other historically significant people in his orbit in an aesthetically daring way while also letting all of the characters and all of the events be used metaphorically and symbolically as well so that they become pointillistic elements in a much larger canvas thats about the mysteries of the human personality and the unforeseen impact of decisions made by individuals and societies
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
This review hasnt delved into the plot of the film or the realworld history that inspired it not because it isnt important of course it is but becauseas is always the case with Nolanthe main attraction is not the tale but the telling@
This review hasnt delved into the plot of the film or the realworld history that inspired it not because it isnt important of course it is but becauseas is always the case with Nolanthe main attraction is not the tale but the telling
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Nolan has been derided as less a dramatist than half showman half mathematician making bombastic overcomplicated blockbusters that are as much puzzles as stories@ Nolan has been derided as less a dramatist than half showman half mathematician making bombastic overcomplicated blockbusters that are as much puzzles as stories
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But whether that characterization was true and Im increasingly convinced it never entirely was it seems beside the point when you see how thoughtfully and rewardingly its been applied to a biography of a real person@ But whether that characterization was true and Im increasingly convinced it never entirely was it seems beside the point when you see how thoughtfully and rewardingly its been applied to a biography of a real person
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Oppenheimer could retrospectively seem like a turning point in the directors filmography when he takes all of the stylistic and technical practices that hed been honing for the previous twenty years in intellectualized pulp blockbusters and turns them inward@ Oppenheimer could retrospectively seem like a turning point in the directors filmography when he takes all of the stylistic and technical practices that hed been honing for the previous twenty years in intellectualized pulp blockbusters and turns them inward
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Most of the performances have a bit of an old movie feeling with the actors snapping off their lines and not moving their faces as much as they would in a more modern story@
Most of the performances have a bit of an old movie feeling with the actors snapping off their lines and not moving their faces as much as they would in a more modern story
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  A lot of the dialogue is delivered quickly producing a screwball comedy energy@ A lot of the dialogue is delivered quickly producing a screwball comedy energy
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  This comes through most strongly in the arguments between Robert and Kitty about his sexual indiscretions and refusal to listen to her mostly superb advice the more abstract debates about power and responsibility between Robert and General Groves and the scenes between Strauss and a Senate aide Alden Ehrenreich who is advising him as he testifies before a committee that he hopes will approve him to serve in President Dwight Eisenhowers cabinet@ This comes through most strongly in the arguments between Robert and Kitty about his sexual indiscretions and refusal to listen to her mostly superb advice the more abstract debates about power and responsibility between Robert and General Groves and the scenes between Strauss and a Senate aide Alden Ehrenreich who is advising him as he testifies before a committee that he hopes will approve him to serve in President Dwight Eisenhowers cabinet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

But as a physical experience Oppenheimer is something else entirelyits hard to say exactly what and thats whats so fascinating about it@

But as a physical experience Oppenheimer is something else entirelyits hard to say exactly what and thats whats so fascinating about it
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Ive already heard complaints that the movie is too long that it couldve ended with the first bomb detonating and couldve done without the bits about Oppenheimers sex life and the enmity of Strauss and that its perversely selfdefeating to devote so much of the running time including the most of the third hour to a pair of governmental hearings the one where Oppenheimer tries to get his security clearance renewed and Strauss trying to get approved for Eisenhowers cabinet@ Ive already heard complaints that the movie is too long that it couldve ended with the first bomb detonating and couldve done without the bits about Oppenheimers sex life and the enmity of Strauss and that its perversely selfdefeating to devote so much of the running time including the most of the third hour to a pair of governmental hearings the one where Oppenheimer tries to get his security clearance renewed and Strauss trying to get approved for Eisenhowers cabinet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But the films furiously entropic tendencies complement the theoretical discussions of the hows and whys of the individual and collective personality@ But the films furiously entropic tendencies complement the theoretical discussions of the hows and whys of the individual and collective personality
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  To greater and lesser degrees all of the characters are appearing before a tribunal and bring called to account for their contradictions hypocrisies and sins@ To greater and lesser degrees all of the characters are appearing before a tribunal and bring called to account for their contradictions hypocrisies and sins
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The tribunal is out there in the dark@ The tribunal is out there in the dark
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Weve been given the information but not told what to decide which is as it should be@ Weve been given the information but not told what to decide which is as it should be
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
The key performance in the movie is by the late Heath Ledger as the Joker@
The key performance in the movie is by the late Heath Ledger as the Joker
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Will he become the first posthumous Oscar winner since Peter Finch His Joker draws power from the actual inspiration of the character in the silent classic The Man Who Laughs @ Will he become the first posthumous Oscar winner since Peter Finch His Joker draws power from the actual inspiration of the character in the silent classic The Man Who Laughs 
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  His clowns makeup more sloppy than before his cackle betraying deep wounds he seeks revenge he claims for the horrible punishment his father exacted on him when he was a child@ His clowns makeup more sloppy than before his cackle betraying deep wounds he seeks revenge he claims for the horrible punishment his father exacted on him when he was a child
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  In one diabolical scheme near the end of the film he invites two ferryloads of passengers to blow up the other before they are blown up themselves@ In one diabolical scheme near the end of the film he invites two ferryloads of passengers to blow up the other before they are blown up themselves
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Throughout the film he devises ingenious situations that force Batman Christian Bale Commissioner Gordon Gary Oldman and District Attorney Harvey Dent Aaron Eckhart to make impossible ethical decisions@ Throughout the film he devises ingenious situations that force Batman Christian Bale Commissioner Gordon Gary Oldman and District Attorney Harvey Dent Aaron Eckhart to make impossible ethical decisions
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  By the end the whole moral foundation of the Batman legend is threatened@ By the end the whole moral foundation of the Batman legend is threatened
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Yes the special effects are extraordinary@
Yes the special effects are extraordinary
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  They focus on the expected explosions and catastrophes and have some superb elaborate chase scenes@ They focus on the expected explosions and catastrophes and have some superb elaborate chase scenes
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The movie was shot on location in Chicago but it avoids such familiar landmarks as Marina City the Wrigley Building or the skyline@ The movie was shot on location in Chicago but it avoids such familiar landmarks as Marina City the Wrigley Building or the skyline
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Chicagoans will recognize many places notably La Salle Street and Lower Wacker Drive but director Nolan is not making a travelogue@ Chicagoans will recognize many places notably La Salle Street and Lower Wacker Drive but director Nolan is not making a travelogue
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  He presents the city as a wilderness of skyscrapers and a key sequence is set in the stilluncompleted Trump Tower@ He presents the city as a wilderness of skyscrapers and a key sequence is set in the stilluncompleted Trump Tower
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Through these heights the Batman moves at the end of strong wires or sometimes actually flies using his cape as a parasail@ Through these heights the Batman moves at the end of strong wires or sometimes actually flies using his cape as a parasail
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 
Because these actors and others are so powerful and because the movie does not allow its spectacular special effects to upstage the humans were surprised how deeply the drama affects us@
Because these actors and others are so powerful and because the movie does not allow its spectacular special effects to upstage the humans were surprised how deeply the drama affects us
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Eckhart does an especially good job as Harvey Dent whose character is transformed by a horrible fate into a bitter monster@ Eckhart does an especially good job as Harvey Dent whose character is transformed by a horrible fate into a bitter monster
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  It is customary in a comic book movie to maintain a certain knowing distance from the action to view everything through a sophisticated screen@ It is customary in a comic book movie to maintain a certain knowing distance from the action to view everything through a sophisticated screen
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The Dark Knight slips around those defenses and engages us@ The Dark Knight slips around those defenses and engages us
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

The plot involves nothing more or less than the Jokers attempts to humiliate the forces for good and expose Batman secret identity showing him to be a poser and a fraud@

The plot involves nothing more or less than the Jokers attempts to humiliate the forces for good and expose Batman secret identity showing him to be a poser and a fraud
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  He includes Gordon and Dent on his target list and contrives cruel tricks to play with the fact that Bruce Wayne once loved and Harvey Dent now loves Assistant D@ He includes Gordon and Dent on his target list and contrives cruel tricks to play with the fact that Bruce Wayne once loved and Harvey Dent now loves Assistant D
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : A@A
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Rachel Dawes Maggie Gyllenhaal@ Rachel Dawes Maggie Gyllenhaal
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The tricks are more cruel than he realizes because the Joker doesnt know Batmans identity@ The tricks are more cruel than he realizes because the Joker doesnt know Batmans identity
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Heath Ledger has a good deal of dialogue in the movie and a lot of it isnt the usual jabs and jests were familiar with Its psychologically more complex outlining the dilemmas he has constructed and explaining his reasons for them@ Heath Ledger has a good deal of dialogue in the movie and a lot of it isnt the usual jabs and jests were familiar with Its psychologically more complex outlining the dilemmas he has constructed and explaining his reasons for them
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  The screenplay by Christopher Nolan and his brother Jonathan who first worked together on Memento has more depth and poetry than we might have expected@ The screenplay by Christopher Nolan and his brother Jonathan who first worked together on Memento has more depth and poetry than we might have expected
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

Nolan also directed the previous and excellent Batman Begins  which went into greater detail than ever before about Bruce Waynes origins and the reasons for his compulsions@

Nolan also directed the previous and excellent Batman Begins  which went into greater detail than ever before about Bruce Waynes origins and the reasons for his compulsions
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Now it is the Jokers turn although his past is handled entirely with dialogue not flashbacks@ Now it is the Jokers turn although his past is handled entirely with dialogue not flashbacks
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  There are no references to Batmans childhood but we certainly remember it and we realize that this conflict is between two adults who were twisted by childhood cruelty  one compensating by trying to do good the other by trying to do evil@ There are no references to Batmans childhood but we certainly remember it and we realize that this conflict is between two adults who were twisted by childhood cruelty  one compensating by trying to do good the other by trying to do evil
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Perhaps they instinctively understand that themselves@ Perhaps they instinctively understand that themselves
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

Two of the supporting characters are crucial to the action and are played effortlessly by the great actors Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine@

Two of the supporting characters are crucial to the action and are played effortlessly by the great actors Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Freeman as the scientific genius Lucius Fox is in charge of Bruce Waynes underground headquarters and makes an ethical objection to a method of eavesdropping on all of the citizens of Gotham City@ Freeman as the scientific genius Lucius Fox is in charge of Bruce Waynes underground headquarters and makes an ethical objection to a method of eavesdropping on all of the citizens of Gotham City
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  His stand has current political implicstions@ His stand has current political implicstions
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  Caine is the faithful butler Alfred who understands Wayne better than anybody and makes a decision about a crucial letter@ Caine is the faithful butler Alfred who understands Wayne better than anybody and makes a decision about a crucial letter
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

Something fundamental seems to be happening in the upper realms of the comicbook movie@

Something fundamental seems to be happening in the upper realms of the comicbook movie
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  SpiderMan II  may have defined the high point of the traditional film based on comicbook heroes@ SpiderMan II  may have defined the high point of the traditional film based on comicbook heroes
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  A movie like the new Hellboy II allows its director free rein for his fantastical visions@ A movie like the new Hellboy II allows its director free rein for his fantastical visions
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  But now Iron Man and even more so The Dark Knight move the genre into deeper waters@ But now Iron Man and even more so The Dark Knight move the genre into deeper waters
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  They realize as some comicbook readers instinctively do that these stories touch on deep fears traumas fantasies and hopes@ They realize as some comicbook readers instinctively do that these stories touch on deep fears traumas fantasies and hopes
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  And the Batman legend with its origins in film noir is the most fruitful one for exploration@ And the Batman legend with its origins in film noir is the most fruitful one for exploration
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 

In his two Batman movies Nolan has freed the character to be a canvas for a broader scope of human emotion@

In his two Batman movies Nolan has freed the character to be a canvas for a broader scope of human emotion
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is :  For Bruce Wayne is a deeply troubled man let there be no doubt and if ever in exile from his heroic role it would not surprise me what he finds himself capable of doing@ For Bruce Wayne is a deeply troubled man let there be no doubt and if ever in exile from his heroic role it would not surprise me what he finds himself capable of doing
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : 





@






